ks-linkfix-202107 (#25304)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/porting-existing-aspnet-apps/deployment-scenarios.md

Assuming the task of porting the app is split such that either the MVC functionality or the API functionality is migrated to ASP.NET Core first, how would the original site continue to function seamlessly with the new ASP.NET Core app running somewhere else? Users of the system should continue to see the same URLs they did prior to the migration, unless it's absolutely necessary to change them.

> Fortunately, IIS is a very feature-rich web server, and two features it has had for some time are its [URL Rewrite module and Application Request Routing](/iis/extensions/url-rewrite-module/reverse-proxy-with-url-rewrite-v2-and-application-request-routing). Using these features, IIS can act as a [reverse proxy](/iis/extensions/url-rewrite-module/reverse-proxy-with-url-rewrite-v2-and-application-request-routing), routing client requests to the appropriate back-end web app. To configure IIS as a reverse proxy, check the **Enable proxy** checkbox in the Application Request Routing feature, then add a URL Rewrite rule like this one:

Reviewer: These two links are the same - wonder if that's a mistake.

Author: @gewarren Probably one of them used to be somewhere else, but was redirected. The script replaces redirections with the target URL. How would you prefer it be fixed? Remove the second link, or replace with something else?

> Fortunately, IIS is a very feature-rich web server, and two features it has had for some time are its [URL Rewrite module and Application Request Routing](/iis/extensions/url-rewrite-module/reverse-proxy-with-url-rewrite-v2-and-application-request-routing). Using these features, IIS can act as a [reverse proxy](/iis/extensions/url-rewrite-module/reverse-proxy-with-url-rewrite-v2-and-application-request-routing), routing client requests to the appropriate back-end web app. To configure IIS as a reverse proxy, check the **Enable proxy** checkbox in the Application Request Routing feature, then add a URL Rewrite rule like this one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fortunately, IIS is a feature-rich web server, and two features it has are [URL Rewrite module](/iis/extensions/url-rewrite-module/url-rewrite-module-video-walkthrough) and [Application Request Routing](/iis/extensions/planning-for-arr/application-request-routing-version-2-overview). Using these features, IIS can act as a [reverse proxy](/iis/extensions/url-rewrite-module/reverse-proxy-with-url-rewrite-v2-and-application-request-routing), routing client requests to the appropriate back-end web app. To configure IIS as a reverse proxy, check the **Enable proxy** checkbox in the Application Request Routing feature, then add a URL Rewrite rule like this one:
```

Reviewer: How about this?

Author: works for me, thank you!
